README.md, before:

# Attentive: AT/GSM stack in pure C

*[NOTE: This project is a forever work in progress. Your mileage may vary.]*

## Features

* Full AT stack (command generation + response parsing).
* Modular design.
* Written in pure ANSI C99 with optional POSIX addons.
* Compliant with [ITU V.250](https://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-V.250/en) and
  [3GPP TS 27.007](http://www.3gpp.org/DynaReport/27007.htm) for maximum interoperatibility.
* Tolerant to even the most misbehaving modems out there (if instructed so).
* Easily extendable to support new modems.

## Supported modem APIs

* TCP/IP support (sockets).
* FTP transfers.
* Date/time operations.
* BTS-based location.

## Supported modems

* Generic (Hayes AT, GSM, etc.)
* Telit modems (SELINT 2 compatibility level)
* Simcom SIM800 series

## License

Attentive was written and open sourced by Kosma Moczek while working at [Cloud Your Car](https://cloudyourcar.com/).

> Copyright © 2014-now Kosma Moczek \<kosma@kosma.pl\>
> 
> This program is free software. It comes without any warranty, to the extent
> permitted by applicable law. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under
> the terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Version 2, as
> published by Sam Hocevar. See the COPYING file for more details.

Commit message:

Hide data logging behind an ATTENTIVE_DEBUG define.

README.md, after:

# Attentive: AT/GSM stack in pure C

*[NOTE: This project is a forever work in progress. Your mileage may vary.]*

## Features

* Full AT stack (command generation + response parsing).
* Modular design.
* Written in pure ANSI C99 with optional POSIX addons.
* Compliant with [ITU V.250](https://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-V.250/en) and
  [3GPP TS 27.007](http://www.3gpp.org/DynaReport/27007.htm) for maximum interoperatibility.
* Tolerant to even the most misbehaving modems out there (if instructed so).
* Easily extendable to support new modems.

## Supported modem APIs

* TCP/IP support (sockets).
* FTP transfers.
* Date/time operations.
* BTS-based location.

## Supported modems

* Generic (Hayes AT, GSM, etc.)
* Telit modems (SELINT 2 compatibility level)
* Simcom SIM800 series

## Debugging

The library is trying to be silent by default. To enable additional debug logs
during development `ATTENTIVE_DEBUG` can be defined.

## License

Attentive was written and open sourced by Kosma Moczek while working at [Cloud Your Car](https://cloudyourcar.com/).

> Copyright © 2014-now Kosma Moczek \<kosma@kosma.pl\>
>
> This program is free software. It comes without any warranty, to the extent
> permitted by applicable law. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under
> the terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Version 2, as
> published by Sam Hocevar. See the COPYING file for more details.
